[Music]
talent fairy yes it is me the talent
fairy have you been making good use of
your talents oh sure oh don't be silly
you're so humble of course you have when
I sparked your interest in playing the
piano as a child I just knew you'd grow
up to be one of the greats now tell me
where is it where is what your degree
from Juilliard silly
I would snap a pic for my collection I
never went to Juilliard oh of course you
skipped College all together how genius
then where is the photo of you playing
at Carnegie Hall for the Dalai Lama I
don't believe that I have played it
Carnegie Hall then you play for Broadway
birthday parties no no hmm well what
have you been doing I've gotten pretty
good at Smash Bros what is that it's a
video game where you like fight each
other as popular characters from other
video games so you're one of the best in
the world man not even close
oh I see I didn't think this day would
come
what day what do you mean the day I have
to take your talent away you see every
time someone takes their talents for
granted I absorb their talent back and
then I gift it to a blind boy in
Mongolia what that's why there's
thousands of blind pianists over there
why haven't I ever heard of that very
few pianos so they're all just sort of
feeling around for a keyboard
anyway you talent is going away if you
let me keep my talent for just one more
year I promise that I will work really
hard and and make something awesome out
of it okay I swear I will you combed me
my daughter's wedding asking for
forgiveness was not the Godfather never
heard of it but I'm gonna make you an
offer you can't sue that's definitely
the Godfather's I'll grant to you one
more year but if you don't get it
together you'll receive a fate far worse
than not having any talent towards that
I'll make you Daniel fresh a youtuber
gross look at this man sitting focused
working hard on writing something for
you the viewer
he's literally writing this voiceover
right now as you watch him what if he
made the narrator say pee pee poopy do
be hilarious he's able to focus her well
because he has the new rake on a 25-year
buds in you see sound distracts this
poor man this poor poor oh so very very
poor man so if he stops his ears with
delicious bass response on a
noise-isolating fit he's able to
concentrate better to the beat of low
fine hip-hop these wireless 8:25 started
about half the price of other premium
earbuds they also come in cool colors
are water-resistant have six hours of
audio playback and 24 hour battery life
with the included charging case but
above all else Snoop Dogg likes them so
if you're down with the dog head on over
to buy rake on.com slash Thrasher to get
15% off these tasty ear buds what else
can I make him say farts McGee is my
name I like applesauce hold on my head
I'm a ladybug doopy doopy do I like my
wings to go flippy flippy flew